I'd like you to change to your home directory CD.
I'm going to type the clear command.
We are now going to create a Besch script.
It's important that your WordPress files and directories always have the correct ownership and the correct
permissions.
When you install a plugin using WPEC ALLAI, your permissions will be your use for both the owner and
the group when you use the dashboard.
The ownership will be the Web servers.
The owner and the web server is the group and it would be a waste of time to have to retype the commands
that we talked a little while ago.
Every single time that you happen to perform a plugin update or theme update.
We are going to if I can use the term, automate the process, we are going to create what is called
a Besch script.
You can type NENO, followed by WP, underscore own and then her dot S.H..
We are going to create a file called WP underscore ownership.
Underscore permissions dot s h.
All scripts start with what is called the Shabangu line, which is hash tag, exclamation mark slash
open slash Besch underneath the Shabangu line.
I'm going to add the commands that we talked.
We start with ensuring the ownership is correct.
Only half an hour.
Your user is the owner w w w Dota is the group owner, followed by the path to our site.
The first to find commands will ensure that the directories are seven five five and the files are six
four for the last two find commands.
The files need to have permissions of six six four and directories need permissions of seven seven five.
You can exit.
No, no saving your changes.
To run a best script, it's period forward slash, followed by the following permission denied because
our script does not have executable permissions.
C.H. Mod you change permissions plus X followed by the name of the script.
If I list the contents of my home directory, look at the permissions, read, write, execute, read,
write, execute, read, execute.
If I look at the listing above that read, write, read, write, read.
Let's go back to our sites.
Webroot, look at the file.
Read me dot html.
It has permissions of read write six read four.
Read for permissions of six for for.
Let's change the permissions to 400.
Four hundred, only the owner can read that particular file.
You can see the change in permissions.
Let's go back to our Home Directory CD to run a best script period forward slash, followed by the name
of the script.
Let's go back to our sites root directory, read me dot html permissions are six four for WP content
is correct seven seven five.
Let's open our browser and view the site.
I'm going to type the domain name without the W WW.
I'm just going to tap in the address bar.
WordPress has redirected WPC allai dot com to w w w dot its log into our dashboard.
It's check the installed plug ins.
Let's delete.
Hello Dolly.
And it's update kismet.
Updating plug ins using the dashboard is working perfectly.
However, if you are prompted for FTP, login details go back to terminal and all you do sudo system
ctrl restart.
If you should have no further problems updating your plugins and theme's using the dashboard, lets
go back to terminal.
It's changed to the WP content directory.
Look at the directory upgrade.
Ownership is the web server as the owner and the web server as the group owner gets changed to the plugins
directory.
It Kismet is owned by the web server, both the owner and the group owner.
That is not correct.
As I've already mentioned.
If you update using the dashboard because the web server has right permissions inside the WP content
directory, any plugins you add using the dashboard will automatically be owned by the Web server.
If you were using WPEC allai, the ownership would be your user and your user code.
Let's go to our home directory.
There is our ownership and permissions script.
I'm going to clear the screen period forward slash followed by the name of our best script.
Let's change back to our site directory.
If I change to the WP content directory, the ownership and permissions are now correct, looking to
upgrade our user web server.
That's changed to Plugins Kismet.
Our user is the owner and the Web server is the group owner.
If you log into your dashboard and you cannot delete a plugin, restart the FP service that will clear
the IP up cache.
We have now secured WordPress using the command line.
Now we need to secure WordPress using Ingenix.
We need to configure our Ingenix server block to aid in securing and optimizing WordPress.
You can change to the Etsy Ingenix sites available directory and open your sites.
Ingenix configuration file.
In this lecture, we looked at securing WordPress, using the command line interface.